Add details for announcements plugin management (#1561)
RoadieHQ/marketing-site: content/docs/integrations/announcements/index.md

The announcements plugin exposes multiple components and extensive functionality to inform your Roadie users with messages and important information. All of these components can be configured using the [Roadie UI customization](/docs/getting-started/configure-ui/) functionality.

> ### Management

Reviewer: Should the title be something like "Configuring the plugin"

> The plugin is managed from within the `AnnouncementsPage` component that contains a collection of past announcements, an admin section to configure multiple categories of announcements as well as needed form functionality to create and edit announcements. You will need to [add this page to your Sidebar](/docs/pdating-the-ui/#updating-the-sidebar) in Roadie to be able to create and manage announcements.

Reviewer: I think this paragraph could be word a bit more clearly.

Here is a suggestion.

```suggestion
To configure the plugin you must first add the `AnnouncementPage` component [to the sidebar](/docs/pdating-the-ui/#updating-the-sidebar). 

The `AnnouncementsPage` provides some information to configure the Announcements plugin, specifically:

- a collection of past announcements
- an admin section to configure multiple categories of announcements; and
- functionality to create and edit announcements
```
